Docs: Adds table of contents documentation (#23439)
storybookjs/storybook: docs/writing-docs/autodocs.md

</div>

### Generate a table of contents

Storybook's auto-generated documentation pages can be quite long and difficult to navigate. To help with this, you can enable the table of contents feature to provide a quick overview of the documentation page and allow users to jump to a specific section. To enable it, extend your Storybook UI configuration file (i.e., `.storybook/preview.js`) and provide a `docs` [parameter](../writing-stories/parameters.md#global-parameters) with a `toc` property.

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->

<CodeSnippets
  paths={[
    'common/storybook-preview-enable-toc.js.mdx',
    'common/storybook-preview-enable-toc.ts.mdx',
  ]}
/>

<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

### Configure the table of contents

> To simplify navigation, the table of contents on the documentation page will only show the `h3` headings that are automatically generated. However, if you want to customize the table of contents, you can add more parameters to the `toc` property. The following options and examples of how to use them are available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the table of contents on the documentation page will only show the `h3` headings that are automatically generated. However, if you want to customize the table of contents, you can add more parameters to the `toc` property. The following options and examples of how to use them are available.
```

Author: Appreciate the suggestion, fixed with the latest commit

## Troubleshooting

> ### The table of contents doesn't render as expected

Reviewer: Should this be under a **Known limitations** section?

Author: I went with this approach to surface the issues that we're aware of and clearly mention them to the users without having them buried in that section of the documentation.
